---
title: "Learn how to install an LED channel"
date: "2022-01-31"
description: "Learn how to install an LED channel from our archive."
image: "/uploads/2022/01/install-led-channel.jpg"
type: "post"
---

Using LED channel is a clean and perfect solution for linear lighting of places. LED light strips have a flexible structure and it is almost impossible to shape and systematize them without the help of LED channels. So to give a modern and ideal look to the space, you should use channels or LED profiles to install these light fixtures. Follow this post which is named as : how to install an LED channel. LED channels are mainly made of aluminum profiles, however, steel samples of these channels are also produced, which have a stylish, durable, modern and environmentally friendly appearance. But how to install LED channels and what points should be considered during installation? In this article, we are going to examine how to install an LED channel, so stay tuned.  

## How to install LED channel

· LED channel installation is done in four general ways, which are surface installation of LED channel, built-in installation of LED channel, corner installation of LED channel and installation of LED channel hanger. In the following, we will examine the general method of installing LED channels, although the installation methods of these channels differ based on their location, shape and application.   • First you have to prepare the wire for soldering. Before starting the soldering process, remember to pull the wire out of the end cap through the hole so that they can be easily connected to the power supply.· • At this stage, you should solder the wire to the filament strip and test the connection. Prior to testing, make sure that no welds or wires are in contact with each other. · The next step is to heat shrink on a connection. You must be aware that thermal shrinkage causes electrical connection in the aluminum channel. • The end cap should be installed at this stage, although this step is optional. The bottom cover is actually an optional side piece and gives your LED channel a more complete and beautiful look. These caps prevent light from being emitted and wasted.   • In this step, you need to measure and cut the LED light strip. Always try to cut your LED strip from the cutting line between the copper pads as cutting the LED strip at any other cost will damage the strip and your lighting system may look ugly. • Remove the duct cover and stick the tape. To get the best results and effectiveness in the lighting system, stick the LED strip between the beginning or end caps of the channel. Try to make a straight and square cut so that there is no gap for light to escape and be wasted. • You can now connect the wire to the power supply system and enjoy the lighting. Your channel is now ready and you can connect it to your low voltage power supply or control source. Try to put the channel in the best form of installation. If the canal installation form is surface, built-in, pendant or for corners, install it in a special place for it to have a more beautiful effect.  

## Important points of LED channel installation

· Note that LED duct installation methods can vary depending on their shape and application. You can install the LED channel inside the plaster surface, tile or in the ground. It is very important that the width of the LED channels is compatible with the width of the LED light strips. • LED profiles have a square and circular cross-sectional appearance and some of their shapes are for installation in the corners. If you plan to install the LED channel in a confined space, narrow linear profiles will be the most suitable option. If you plan to use thicker LED strips, you need to choose a deeper channel to insert the LED strip. · Rectangular aluminum aluminum profiles, also known as shaped aluminum profiles, are the most common channels used in LED installation. They are available in different sizes and colors suitable for home and commercial environments. Many of them can be mounted on the surface with screw brackets, but there are also hanging and built-in types. • Aluminum circular LED profiles are available with lighting angles from 180 degrees to 360 degrees. Circular profiles are ideal for installation in modern places. Although many circular profiles can be mounted on the surface using brackets, some of them can be suspended using cables. Therefore, the installation method of circular channel can be different depending on the type of application.

#### Conclusion

LED channels can be installed in different ways such as built-in, surface and corner and pendant. You can fix the extrusions or LED channels using counter-screws directly in the installed place, or if you wish, you can buy fixed brackets and channel the brackets after installation. Close the LED on it. Note that for the installation of this channel, you must be proficient in this area and follow the safety tips for working with electricity properly to prevent accidents.