---
title: "LED panels Toronto"
date: "2022-04-24"
description: "LED panels Toronto from our archive."
image: ""
type: "post"
---

Why should we use LED panels? As you know, the purpose of using billboards is to introduce your service or product in the shortest possible time. These types of boards can be designed in the form of text or different shapes, and each part of it can be made of LEDs with the desired color and are flashing to attract more attention. One of the newest and most dazzling methods of electronic advertising is LED moving message boards, which have recently been significantly welcomed in our country.   Uses LED panel These signs can be used on the doors of stores, shops, gas stations, as well as inside exhibition halls, waiting halls of hospitals and clinics, sports halls and airports. These paintings can be made in one color, three colors and seven colors with any dimensions and have a lot of charm.   Advantages of using LED flow panel Informing the details of your services and products is of special interest to customers due to the animation of texts and effects (attracting passing and new customers). Due to being new, its use is a sign of your prestige and credibility. (For those who want to be different and special) It is very light and portable and its installation is very simple. Low and cost-effective due to the implementation of targeted subsidies (40 watts per square meter = one moonlight) High useful life of LED (one hundred thousand hours of continuous operation)   Flowing LED panel Fluent LED boards are made by putting LED modules together so that the font and the way messages and animations are displayed can be controlled and changed by a software interface. These boards are made in 2 different types smoothly (with moving messages) and fixed point LEDs to meet the tastes of customers.   Electronic symbol of light emitting diode 5 mm light emitting diodes in red, green and blue The Light-Emitting Diode (LED), also known as the Light Emitting Diode in some pamphlets, books, and pamphlets, is an electronic component of the diode family. In electronic colloquial language, it is sometimes called Led. Monochrome LEDs, like other diodes, have two bases, the anode and the cathode. Two-color (or more) electrodes have a common base (usually a cathode, known as a "common cathode") and another base (usually an anode) for each color.   History The first industrial production materials were introduced in 1962 in red only (a combination of aluminum, gallium and arsenide). Green, blue, yellow and orange algae were produced in the 1970s. The optical efficiency of the LEDs gradually increased until the LEDs entered the market in groups in the 1980s and early 1990s with high efficiency. Primary devices were used only in electronic circuits due to their low efficiency. The light effect of today's white LEDs is up to 30 lumens per watt and colored LEDs are up to 50 lumens per watt and are projected to reach 100 lumens per watt.   How to work Ideas use the phenomenon of electroluminescence to produce light.   Spectrum of light Dependence of the color of the LED light on the crystal type of the semiconductor type of the color of the LED light Aluminum, gallium, arsenide Red Aluminum, indium, gallium, phosphorus Red, orange, yellow Gallium, arsenide, red phosphorus, orange, yellow Indium, gallium, nitrogen Green, blue The light spectrum of LED lamps includes all visible spectra and ultraviolet and infrared rays and is very narrow. The color of the LEDs depends on the material of the crystal that makes them up. The amount and color of LED light also largely depends on their current, so it is common to use a current source to power them.   Excellence Light emitting diodes have many advantages over traditional light sources, including lower power consumption, longer life, more power, smaller size, and faster on and off speeds.   applications LEDs have different uses in urban lighting, traffic signs and modern car headlights. Also, their very small size has made them suitable for use in new generation graphics displays. Their very high speed in turning on and off has brought them special applications in telecommunication technology. Due to the fact that LEDs can produce different colored lights, they are used in decorative lighting. On the other hand, these lamps do not produce destructive ultraviolet light and are therefore used in museums to illuminate valuables. Due to their low power consumption, they can be used in emergency lighting. In traffic lights, longevity, brightness reliability, high brightness and day visibility are very important, and therefore LEDs are very suitable for this purpose. Many reputable car companies use LED bulbs in their traffic lights, hazards and some interior headlights.   Buy a fixed led panel in Toronto LED stands for Light Emitting Diode and means light emitting diode. The LED has a connecting wire and this wire must connect the chip to the LED pins. This wire is also responsible for transmitting heat and electricity. The LED pins are mounted on a plastic cap, and between the chip and the inner surface of the plastic cap are gases that are capable of generating light at different wavelengths. Fixed LED signage is an example of a digital billboard in which modules are the main source of light production. The most important feature of a fixed LED panel is that text and images can be displayed in various colors and light effects. You can also display the desired animation permanently. Fixed LED panel is one of the display panels in the field of panel construction that has many uses. This model of billboard is a good alternative to neon signs due to low energy consumption, very high light intensity and high durability.   [How can a fixed LED panel be produced?](https://led-sign.ca/) The first method: series connection method with 220 voltage   Using this method, the adapter can not be used for construction, and the LEDs are arranged in groups of, for example, 100 pieces. Making boards using this method has two general drawbacks: Due to not using the adapter, its cost is reduced, but sometimes due to the use of direct high voltage for the manufacturer and customer and the existence of fluctuations in the electricity supply, this shortens the life of the panel. If one of the LEDs in a category does not light up, all the lamps in that category will not light up. Second method: parallel-series combined connection method without using resistors This method has a difference with the first method, and that is that if one of the lamps is turned off, the other lamps in the series stay on and do not turn off.   Third method: Series-parallel combination method using resistors The existence of resistance is the only difference between this method and previous methods. In this method, the specified resistance is very important because if the resistance is not well determined, it may reduce the reflected light from the panel and if the voltage is higher than a certain limit, it will damage the LED.