---
title: "Mesh Banner"
date: "2022-05-08"
description: "Mesh Banner from our archive."
image: ""
type: "post"
---

Banner mesh printing is another type of banner printing made of polyester, in the form of a network with small holes (called English One Way Vision Film) that allows light to pass and see the space behind the banner, and if we want the banner for a longer time. Installing a mesh banner is a good choice because it does not interfere with the passage and visibility of people and is not easily removed due to the passage of air through the holes. Non-adhesive mesh printing as a shade is widely used due to its light-transmitting properties in interior and exterior partitioning, as well as advertising on building facades. The non-stick type of mesh is used for applications such as exhibition decors. This type of banner is also used for advertising at a relatively long distance from the audience and in windy climates such as the beach. Shade of mesh banner is a decorative application of this type of banner on which advertising designs and logos can be printed in the best way. During the day when the sunlight is much more than the indoor light, the mesh looks like a sticker and at night when the indoor light is more than the outdoor environment, the sticky mesh looks almost invisible.     Types of advertising mesh printing Korean mesh printing Chinese mesh printing Mesh printing material, dimensions, heating and printing durability Banners are mostly made of PVC and can be printed in any size you want. The weight unit of the banner is 15 ounces (OZ) heating mesh and the common width is 200, 320. And the higher the thickness of the mesh banner, the less elastic the installation problem. Advertising mesh printing lasts between 4 months to a year if exposed to a lot of sunlight, and between one and three years indoors when exposed to sunlight.   Mesh banner application and its uses   Use of advertising mesh printing in stores and shops Use mesh banner printing on buses and public transportation Using a mesh banner to paste on shop windows as well as calling for new products and promoting products as effectively as possible will make the products and text and image appear on the banner. Using non-adhesive mesh printing as a shed in interior and exterior partitioning Use quality mesh printing to advertise on the facade of the building Use non-stick mesh printing for applications such as exhibition decor Print mesh design and advertising logos in the best way on the mesh banner for decorative   Advantages of Mesh Banner Printing Clear printing with high speed and high quality Smooth printing without appendages The mesh banner is easy to install and remove Cheap advertising mesh printing It is not easily removed due to the passage of air flow in open environments Print in different sizes and wide dimensions Resistance and durability of printing and ink, against environmental factors such as wind, water, humidity, sunlight Has a beautiful color and long life If installed in places such as windows, it does not blind the view of the outside space Mesh printing reduces indoor sunlight   Devices used in mesh banner printing   Mesh printing is done with JETI 5000 and HQ, 4 COLOR and HQ, 6 COLOR and EPSON, 4COLOR and EPSON, 6 COLOR. Mesh printing is a type of sticky sticker (Latin: Mesh). Mesh printing is a type of adhesive back printed material that has holes on its surface that it suspects as a mesh. These include:   What is the advantage of mesh printing? Mesh printing during the day when the outside light source (sunlight) is stronger than the indoor light, looks quite like a sticker. Adhesive mesh is almost invisible at night due to the stronger light source inside and outside. The mesh mounted on the glass behaves almost similar to the glass of the building's reflex windows. Installing the mesh material on the glass is easier than installing the sticker due to having small holes in the surface, because it has easier dewatering.   What is mesh material?   Mesh is a kind of grid printing material of all kinds of large materials, roll format, made of white PVC with small holes, which gives a special feature of seeing the image from the outside and seeing the view from the outside. The mesh material consists of: a layer of white PVC in the middle, a layer of adhesive underneath, a layer of ecosalon composite absorbent coating and a layer of oiled paper to protect the adhesive under the mesh. As the name implies, mesh has a lattice structure and obscures almost 50% of its back view.   The mesh behaves like reflex glass Of course, the amount of coverage that mesh printing creates depends on the balance of light in the back and front of the mesh print mounted on the glass, for example, if you have a window that receives sunlight during the day, when the mesh prints from the outside. We look at it as a continuous image with 70 views, but at night, when the light source is more inside the building, it is seen more inside the building and the mesh printing is much less visible. In general, it can be concluded that the mesh printing on Glass behaves similarly to reflex glass. In terms of heating, the mesh material has a thickness of 80 microns as well as 100 microns, and according to the country of manufacture of the mesh, it includes meshes made in China and rolls of mesh made in Korea.   Mesh material widths: 90 cm wide mesh roll Mesh roll width 106 cm Mesh roll width 127 cm Mesh roll width 152 cm   Other mesh boards: Mesh printing on buses and public transport cars Mesh printing on meat refrigerators of industrial refrigerators Mesh printing on pickup trucks often distributing food and medicine trucks Installing mesh labels on shop windows Chain stores and restaurants Printing special designs on the walls of the house and office is used to beautify the environment.   Mesh printing features (Visibility) 50% opacity Easy installation and dewatering as well as easy removal Reduce the intensity of sunlight inside Definition of the environment outside the building Ability to print and install in large dimensions without restrictions in a few lats Shelf life between 4 months to one year in a sunny outdoor environment and between one to three years indoors The mesh is installed outside the window or glass.   Durability of different types of mesh materials Porcelain mesh with porcelain ink on shop windows can last for one to two years, depending on the amount of sunlight. Korean mesh with original ink on shop windows lasts one to three years depending on the amount of sunlight. Porcelain mesh with porcelain ink on the transport machine and bus has 4 months to a year, depending on the amount of sunlight, car washing and abrasion to trees and… durability. Korean mesh with original ink on the transport car and bus, 6 months to two years, depending on the amount of sunlight, car washing and abrasion to trees and… durability.   What parameters are effective in quality in mesh printing? The first thing that is very important in mesh printing is the type of ink and the number of post-prints that are used. There are, of course, each with a different price. The ink used to print the capital is the Galaxy collection. The second issue in vinyl print quality is that the thickness of the mesh media, which is 80 microns and 100 microns, and the higher the thickness, prevents the elastic problem that becomes problematic during installation.